.TH OFFICEDAYS 1
.SH NAME
officedays \- calculate the number of days required to work in an office for hybrid workers
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B officedays
[\fB\-eh\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B officedays
reads a TOML file and calculates the number of days required to be worked in the office. This assumes that any leave or bank holiday counts as a day in the office. Calculations are made on a quarterly basis, using the number of required office days per quarter as specified in the TOML file.

The program automatically determines the current quarter, calculates the days worked so far, and provides a projection based on the current date.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-e
Edit the TOML file for the current year using \fB$EDITOR\fR (or \fInano\fR if \fB$EDITOR\fR is unset).
If a TOML file doesn't exist, or one doesn't exist for the current year, this creates a new file and exits.
.TP
.BR \-h
Show the help message.
.TP
.BR No\ Arguments
Running the program with no arguments will look for a TOML file matching the current year, read it, and display calculations for the current quarter.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
\fB$EDITOR\fR is used when editing the TOML file with the \fB-e\fR option. If unset, the program defaults to using \fInano\fR.
.SH FILES
The TOML configuration file is stored in the system's standard config directory (e.g. \fB$XDG_CONFIG_HOME/officedays\fR or \fB~/Library/Application Support/officedays\fR). It is named \fIYYYY.toml\fR, where \fIYYYY\fR is the current year.

Each file includes:
- required office days per quarter
- bank holidays
- booked leave
- actual or intended in-office days

If future dates are entered, \fBofficedays\fR will also calculate a projected total for the quarter.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Laurence Stock-Tully <https://github.com/lst1000>
